Guess what place I got today?
You're home.
Dinner's ready.
Mom!
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone. I'm Witch Baba.
Today is October 2nd.
My last prediction about the shooting
actually happened, right?
The injured person is still
in critical condition at the hospital.
Let's keep him
in our thoughts and prayers.
So…
let's draw the next cards.
I wonder what message
the cards have for us.
First card.
Second card.
Third card.
Hollywood upright.
Pope reversed.
The Pentagon reversed.
In the future…
someone will die from drowning.
I'm sorry.
OCTOBER 3RD
YUNONG BRIDGE
WEI
-Hello, guys. I'm Wei Yen.
-Hi, I'm Wa Tsai.
Welcome to our channel, Wei Fa Yen.
Today,
we're at the notorious breakup spot.
-Where's that?
-Lover's Bridge!
They say couples who come here break up.
-They break up?
-Yes.
I gotta call my girl.
-Damn, it's too late.
-Too late?
We're debunking this urban legend today.
Tell me, what do couples like to do most?
Couples like…
-having sex.
-Love my ass.
-What else?
-Shopping.
So I brought this today. Here.
Fuck, where'd you get it? Holy shit.
Let's debunk this urban legend.
-Okay. No problem.
-Here we go.
Three,
two, one…
Oh shit…
What the fuck!
It's going fast. Will it flip over?
My butthole!
One million subscribers!
Fuck, damn it!
Are you okay?
-Damn.
-You okay?
-I'm fine.
-You good?
What the fuck? I broke my tailbone.
Let me see.
Hey.
Can you do it again?
What do you mean? Why?
What?
I didn't catch it on video.
What the fuck? I broke my ass for this!
-I thought I did…
-Let's see.
-But…
-Just check it.
You didn't see it?
I saw it, but I didn't get it on video.
What am I, Jackie Chan?
-How many times do I gotta crash?
-Relax.
-He didn't mean to.
-Sorry.
It's fine. I'll do it.
Don't be mad.
Shit.
Hey, Wei Yen, it's fine. I'll do it.
Let's go again.
Wei Yen.
Hey, Ting-yu. What the fuck are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm doing it!
Seriously? Hey!
-Damn!
-Shit…
Holy shit!
-Damn.
-What the fuck?
Hey…
Fuck, hey.
Are you crazy?
Are you okay?
Are you trying to kill yourself?
Fuck, you're fucking badass.
Shit, listen.
You almost went down the bridge.
You're badass.
Shit, it hurts like hell.
Hey, Lin Ting-yu.
Why not film your own stuff?
Film what?
Start a channel.
Are you crazy? I just got told off.
Just ignore Wei Yen.
He likes to act crazy.
-He has a bad temper.
-Fuck!
What did you get?
-Booze.
-Nice.
I just saw your video. You crashed?
It was badass, right?
-Was it good?
-Fuck.
Start your own channel.
-Dude, I just said that.
-For real?
You're Ting-yu, right?
Yo! Yo! Ting-yu!
That sucks.
No, it should be like "What's up, yo!"
-More hip hop.
-Isn't that the same?
-Not bad, right?
-It's not better.
Shit, how's that different?
I added gestures.
-That works.
-Looks good.
We have the intro.
Wait, again. What was it?
Hold on.
-Which hand first?
-Right first, then left.
Right, then left.
Okay. One, two, three.
-That's good
-Not bad.
-That's good.
-Listen.
-Just start it.
-Okay. It's decided.
Just start it…
Okay, everyone.
Early this morning, a local found a body
floating in Shuangxi Riverside Park.
The family confirmed that the deceased
is the well-known influencer Wa Tsai.
Police aren't ruling out homicide.
Sources say Wa Tsai was due to film
with influencers Hippo and Braised Egg,
but he never showed up.
Police have obtained footage
from nearby surveillance cameras.
The exact cause of death is still pending.
That's the latest from us.
Now, back to the studio.
The witness is a 38-year-old woman.
She was jogging in the park at 6 a.m.
when she found the body.
Our officers arrived on scene
within ten minutes of getting the call.
Forensics should be there as well.
And…
Wei Meng-yen's condition
seems to have worsened.
I know.
Okay, everyone.
Early this morning, a local found a body
floating in Shuangxi Riverside Park.
CID AGENT
POLICE LINE DO NOT CROSS
We can go after we check this area.
The deceased has ID on him.
Liu Yen-hua, age 23.
Goes by Wa Tsai.
He's also an influencer.
Time of death is within ten hours.
Any other items?
Yes.
We found this in his pocket.
Also, check this for me.
MISSED CALL: TING-YU
Is his left earring missing,
or was he not wearing one?
Okay.
Are you leaving?
The witness statement is on the way.
I don't need it.
You don't?
Mr. Li said the time of death
is within ten hours.
Last night at 9 o'clock,
Witch Baba predicted a death by drowning.
I'm not saying the two are related,
or that she's involved,
but the timing is so close--
I'm just saying
this isn't the primary crime scene.
Didn't you notice?
It was cleaner
inside his mouth than outside,
so he didn't drown in the river.
His hands had been tied behind his back.
He had bruises on his neck.
So he could've been drowned anywhere.
Mr. Jen, do you guys
solve cases this fast?
How long should it take then?
Mr. Jen.
He probably just fell in.
This morning…
A number called 13 times in a row…
Yeah…
Nobody saw it all morning.
-How did someone fall in?
-Yeah.
That's so strange.
Excuse me.
Hey, miss. Are you in a hurry?
This is a police investigation.
I have some questions.
Did I do something?
Why were you running away?
Show me some ID.
Can cops do this?
You saw what happened.
A crime just went down.
Your ID.
I only have…
What are you doing here?
Mr. Jen.
Listen.
The deceased's phone has 13 missed calls.
Can you look into that?
-Yes.
-Okay.
You can go now.
Hey…
Hey.
Excuse me.
Mr. Jen. You just let her go.
She's suspicious.
Do you suspect her?
-Yes.
-Do you have any evidence?
I'm sorry.
Hey. Don't apologize.
You need intuition to work a case.
If you suspect her,
find the evidence first.
Yes.
OCTOBER 3RD, 2022
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to. I'm sorry.
Don't do this.
Why did you take my phone?
Are you Detective Conan?
Where did you go last night?
I was making deliveries.
And after that?
That's none of your business.
Where are you going?
Come here!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
Stop! Don't do this.
I need all the vehicles
parked nearby that day.
Has anyone found out
where Liu Yen-hua was at five o'clock?
Hold on. Yes, I'm on it.
I got the surveillance camera footage.
But there's a park ahead
with a lot of blind spots.
Which park?
Dunan Park.
Lots of parking spots there.
You should check his dashcam.
I'll call you back.
It's confirmed.
Liu Yen-hua is missing an earring.
It must've fallen off at the scene.
-Didn't we search for it?
-Yes, we did.
Thanks, officer.
Let's pull the original one
and compare it.
-Sure, okay.
-Mr. Jen.
We got his call log.
Lin Ting-yu made those 13 calls.
-Lin Ting-yu?
-Yes.
Their connection?
-A-Jen
-Yes?
Come in.
What's that?
The shooting report.
I see.
Perfect timing.
SELF-REFLECTION REPORT
Sit down.
A-Jen
I'm sorry about the other day.
With High-Tech Crime here,
I had to put on a show.
I understand.
But why partner me with High-Tech Crime?
A-Jen
At our age,
we don't know much about the internet.
I know Ho Chen-wei is annoying.
Right after he became squad leader,
his informant died.
-But--
-Hey.
Not him.
I'm talking about the woman.
Okay. What's her name?
I think her surname is Lin.
-Lin…
-Li Hsin-ping.
-Right.
Yes, Li Hsin-ping.
She just transferred
to the High-Tech Crime Unit last month.
She's our newest rookie.
Don't you want to know
how young people think nowadays?
FRIED RICE WAS GREAT, THANK YOU
I don't care. You're liars.
Mom will see a doctor.
Dad, give me your cigarettes.
-Why?
-You promised you'd quit.
Tomorrow.
No, give them to me now.
Mom.
Mom!
A-Jen.
You've worked here for so many years.
You haven't changed at all.
Your attitude…
Let me ask you,
when is my goddaughter back?
She lives in there now?
I don't feel like chatting. Maybe later.
Fine. If you don't feel like it, we won't.
Let's talk about the case.
Sure.
CHANG CHIEH, CHIEF OF CRIME INVESTIGATION
On the Liu Yen-hua drowning case,
what are your thoughts?
Liu Yen-hua and Wei Meng-yen
knew each other.
They're both influencers.
I think their deaths
are part of the same case.
Serial murder?
The killer is smart.
He arranged for Wei Meng-yen
to come to the police station,
hoping we'd kill him.
-Put the gun down.
-Stay back!
Put the gun down, okay?
Calm down.
Put the gun down!
Then he killed Liu Yen-hua himself.
Is he trying to mess
with our investigation?
I don't think it's that simple.
This whole thing
has only just started.
I think
we should bring him in for questioning,
and check out his background.
Got it.
Also, what did you tell the higher-ups?
I've put your disciplinary action
on hold for now.
Let's see how it goes
with Wei Meng-yen first.
I'm retiring in two years.
If you don't solve this,
we'll all lose our jobs, okay?
Okay.
Got it.
…ruling of homicide.
Sources say Wa Tsai was due to film
with influencers Hippo and Braised Egg.
But he never showed up.
Police have obtained footage
from nearby surveillance cameras.
The exact cause of death is still pending.
That's the latest from us.
I'll slice some fruit.
Okay. Thank you, Mrs. Wei.
What the hell?
Shit.
Hey, slow down.
I can't hit it…
-Let's go.
-Come on…
-What?
-Let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
-Hey, Ting-yu, hurry!
-Go!
Go!
Are you Wei Meng-yen's family?
Yes.
I'm Ho Chen-wei,
High-Tech Crime Unit squad leader.
I need to check his phone.
You guys shot my son.
The case has expanded.
We need to seize his phone.
Officer, wait.
You can't just walk into a patient's room!
-I'll get going.
-Already?
Yes. I'll be back tomorrow.
-Is this his phone?
-You can't just take his stuff.
Are you his attending physician?
I'm his ER physician.
Okay, please register here.
I need to register now?
Only the attending physician
and family can visit him.
I'll ask his family.
It's okay. Don't worry.
I'll get to work. Thanks.
Door closing.
Hey, come pick me up.
Where are you?
At the hospital.
Did you see the Wa Tsai news?
I did.
Shit, how did this happen?
Have any cops asked you about Wa Tsai?
No.
If they do, don't say anything.
No shit.
Fuck, I doubt they'll find anything.
Damn it.
They can't find shit, those losers.
The losers
couldn't even tell it was a BB gun.
-What were the idiots doing?
-Yeah.
They shot him in the fucking chest.
-Right.
-And they went to the hospital.
Shit, do they have shit for brains?
-Are cops so great?
-Exactly.
He calls us losers? He's a loser.
Those losers can all go to hell.
Let's see what they do next.
Fucking idiots.
I'll be ready for him, if he even dares.
They wouldn't dare. That would be suicide.
I have millions of followers.
One spit each, and he'd drown.
Not even.
Fuck, my spit alone is enough.
Damn, you have that much saliva?
Hell yeah. I'll spit it all out.
I'll drown that motherfucker.
First floor.
What are you looking at?
What?
Hurry up and pick me up.
What do you want?
I don't know anything.
WA TSAI
TING-YU
You're Lin Ting-yu?
Yes.
Before your buddy
passed away,
you called him 13 times, didn't you?
He wasn't picking up.
Do you guys have…
any mutual friends?
I don't know.
What Facebook group are you both in?
Seriously? Facebook?
Who uses Facebook anymore?
We all use Instagram.
Is it this one?
This one.
ALL SET. WHEN'S PICKUP?
ON MY WAY NOW
Who's Little Armstrong?
I don't know.
What's his real name?
Okay, let's go. Come on.
Let's go.
Let go.
Chen Chih-chiang.
Hello? Can you hear me?
Do me a favor.
-Okay. Sure.
-Alright.
Find someone named Chen Chih-chiang.
He's linked to the Liu Yen-hua homicide.
Hurry up.
Yes.
I need the address.
I know the address.
Houde Road.
No. 478, Houde Road. Chen Chih-chiang.
-Call me if you can't find him.
-Hey.
I have to film.
Hello? I'm on my way.
The address is…
LITTLE ARMSTRONG FILMS VIDEOS
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
What does a witch do?
I
can see
the future.
See the future?
You read fortunes, too?
That's right.
Two of Clubs upright.
Nine of Hearts reversed.
Ten of Clubs upright.
In your future,
you'll eat
a lot of potato chips!
You call that a reading?
Upright.
Reversed.
To me, they're exactly the same.
You shouldn't trick people
like that, miss.
And, for Christ's sake,
you look terrible in that mask.
Take it off!
Potato chips?
I think you're full of shit.
All right, okay.
Very good.
Thank you, guys.
Let's go over it later.
Sure, okay.
Okay, time to eat. Thank you.
Hey.
The cops will be here soon.
What'd you tell Wa Tsai to get?
The cops? To get what?
The last message Wa Tsai received
came from you.
-What did you want him to get?
-Why do you have his phone?
CALLING LI HSIN-PING
TAIPEI CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT
EVIDENCE BAG
Hello, Mr. Jen?
Trace Liu Yen-hua's phone location for me.
What?
Newspapers?
Yeah.
Wa Tsai was meant
to pick them up yesterday.
Why would he need them?
These are all articles
on Witch Baba's predictions.
He was investigating her too.
BIG FOREST FIRE FINALLY EXTINGUISHED
Why was he so curious about her?
Could he have contacted Witch Baba?
Hey.
Does Witch Baba have a fan page?
No.
-She doesn't even have Instagram.
-What?
She's only active on UTurn.
UTurn? Then the messages
would connect to Umail.
Hey, you're right.
"Did you tell Wei Yen
to shoot at the police station?"
RE: MESSAGES FROM WA TSAI
"How exactly did you control Wei Yen?"
That escalated quickly.
-Did Witch Baba reply?
-Yeah, she did.
"Thank you for your support.
Witch Baba will keep making good content.
Please keep following Witch Baba."
-Shit.
-This is just a bot reply.
No, look at this.
This isn't a signature file.
Is Lin Ting-yu here?
Lin Ting-yu?
Who is that?
Never mind.
Lin Ting-yu?
What the fuck is this?
-You're making this call?
-The cop is here.
Gosh!
This is a lady's place!
-What are you doing?
-Move.
You…gosh!
Did you just push me? Hey, sir.
What's a guy doing in here?
Hurry up.
Go now.
No one's here.
Look carefully.
Shit.
Give me the laptop.
What's Wa Tsai got to do with Witch Baba?
How would I know?
First, it was Wei Yen.
Then it was Wa Tsai.
Will the next one be…
Don't overthink it.
Give me your phone.
-What for?
-Don't ask.
KAO PI, THIS IS YO TZU YO! YO!
-Why are you leaving the group?
-Shut up.
Lao Gao talked about
embedding encrypted messages in images.
We just need to drag the image
into a text editor.
There we go.
It's all garbled.
At the very bottom.
Shit, what the fuck is this?
It's English.
English, my ass.
Do I look like I speak English?
No way that's English.
Hey, my English isn't great either.
Ask Braised Egg if you want.
I told you, it's not English.
Wait, why exactly did you come to us?
I'm begging you guys.
Don't you run that urban legend channel?
Fine.
This looks like an Indo-European language.
It's one of the most
widespread languages in the world.
It even looks encrypted.
I don't care.
The point is,
Wa Tsai was killed
right after seeing this.
There must be a secret in it.
There are over
400 Indo-European languages.
How can I translate it
if you don't know which one it is?
Hey, alright.
The coolest thing about Witch Baba
is probably her card deck, right?
Which card deck?
The one she uses to make predictions.
This one.
Illuminati Cards.
I've heard of them.
What?
The Illuminati Cards
were originally just a card game.
But someone discovered that the images
predicted 911, the Chernobyl disaster.
the attack on the Pentagon,
and Trump getting elected, etc.
Can you buy them in Taiwan?
The thing is, you can't buy them.
They're only available on the dark web.
You can't buy them?
But I think I saw an unboxing video.
-It was…
-Who was it?
Was it Wan-wan? Or…
Sorry, I can't remember.
Think harder, will you?
The images on the Illuminati Cards
are almost the same
as Baba Vanga's predictions.
That's why people say they were drawn
based on Baba Vanga's predictions.
Who is Baba Vanga?
The greatest psychic of the 20th century.
She was a blind old lady.
-That's right.…
-Yes.
So, Witch Baba got her name from her?
For sure, where else?
That's quite possible.
Where was she from?
Where was it…
Bulgaria.
Bulgaria, Cyrillic, Bulgaria…
BULGARIAN
TRANSLATE
Hey, check this out.
Well…
-"C, H, Chuan".
-How to pronounce it?
-"Chuan"?
- "Chuan", "Chiang"
-"Chuan Chun…"
-"Chiang…"
-"Chuan…"
-"Chen Chieh…"
"Chen…"
-Chen Chia-jen.
-"Chen, yuan, chen…"
Fuck, that hurts.
You were trying to kill me.
Correct. I do want to kill you.
You stole evidence. I could've killed you.
Of course you want to kill me.
You and Witch Baba are in cahoots.
Say that again.
You two are in cahoots.
-We're in cahoots?
-What?
-Influencer? Predictions?
-Let go!
Influencer? If I could predict things,
I'd predict you going to jail!
What…
I have evidence
that you and Witch Baba are in cahoots!
Let go!
Where's the evidence?
Here. See for yourself.
Witch Baba sent this encrypted message
to Wa Tsai in Bulgarian.
This is the translation.
Now you're speechless?
CHEN CHIA-JEN
WITCH BABA
WATCH NEW VIDEO NOW
Chiu-chiu.
Fuck, not again.
WITCH BABA
Hello, everyone.
I'm Witch Baba.
I predicted someone would die
from drowning yesterday.
I'm really sorry.
We're still going to…
We're still going to
draw the next prediction.
Obelisk reversed.
Orient Express upright.
Amazonia reversed.
In the future…
In the future,
someone will be stabbed to death.
Subtitle translation by: Coralie Zhang